README.md, before:

HELLO
# TestCli

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/test_cli`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'test_cli'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install test_cli

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/<github username>/test_cli. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the TestCli project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/<github username>/test_cli/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Added readme #usage and #welcome

README.md, after:

NYC Park CLI

Welcome to the NYC Park CLI! This CLI allows users to see a list of NYC parks. Each search will yield the name of the park and the location /address of each park. Users will also be able to dive deeper and request a more details about all the facilities of each specific park.


# TestCli

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/test_cli`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'test_cli'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install test_cli

## Usage
Run the NYC Park CLI by entering 'ruby bin/start' in the terminal. The list of the NYC Parks will be displayed. Select a park number from the list to get more details on the park of your choosing. 

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/<github username>/test_cli. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the TestCli project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/<github username>/test_cli/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
